{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252 {\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRoman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-Black;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial,Bold;\f5\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f6\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f7\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f8\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f9\fswiss\fcharset0 Haettenschweiler;\f10\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;\f11\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;\f12\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;\f13\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;\f14\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;\f15\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;\f16\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;\f17\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;\f18\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;\f19\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;\f20\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;\f21\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;\f22\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;\f23\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial,Bold;\f24\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f25\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRoman,Bold;\f26\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;\f27\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;\f28\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;\f29\fswiss\fcharset0 CopperplateGothic-Bold;}{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red193\green193\blue193;\red255\green255\blue255;}\pard\plain\ql\f0\fs20\cf0 1\par {\f1 Copper }{\f2 Fiber\par }{\f3\fs36 ADSL Sales Order &\par Installation Form\par }{\b\f4\fs24 SERVICE INFOR}{\b\f5\fs24 M}{\b\f4\fs24 ATI}{\b\f5\fs24 ON\par }{\b\f4 Contract Term: 12 month}{\b\f5 s\par }{\b\f4\fs24 Customer Name:\par Qualified Line Number:\par Service Address:\par }{\f1 (Street Address)\par }{\b\f4\fs24 City, State, Zip Code:\par Email Address:\par }{\b\f6\fs24 Contact number}{\b\f4\fs24 :\par ADSL SERVICE DESCRIPTION CHARGE AMOUNT\par }{\f1 Speed One ADSL: }{\fs24 Activation Waived\par First Service\par Modem/NIC Waived\par Splitter Waived\par }{\b\f4 Credit Card Type and # }{\f1 Type }{\f2 VISA Mastercard Discover\par }{\f1 Number: }{\f2 Expiration:\par }{\f1 Equipment: ______ }{\f7 USB }{\f1 Modem (Waived }{\f2 for copper}{\f1 )\par __}{\b\f4 _}{\f1 ___ External Modem $}{\f2 149.95\par }{\f1 ______ }{\f2 DSL Router $149.95 (Require}{\f8 d for }{\f2 static IP)\par }{\f1 ______ }{\f2 Network Card & Software (Waived for fiber)\par }{\f1 __\par }{\b\f4\fs24 Total Due At Order\par Total Due At Instal}{\b\f6\fs24 l\par }{\b\f4\fs24 Monthly Recurring\par }{\b\f4\fs32 First month’s service fee is required to process order.\par }{\f1\fs16 We are delivering service over an existing BellSouth line. By signing below, you are indicating acknowledgement of this and your understanding this\par line must stay active with BellSouth directly. Any event that moves this line from direct control of BellSouth may interrupt your DSL service from\par Speed Factory and reconnect fees will apply. Disconnection due to changing phone line carriers is not the responsibility of Speed Factory and does\par not change the terms and conditions of service. All speeds are best effort unless CIR is included. In the event of early termination of service from\par Speed Factory a one-time cancellation fee of $150.00 will be charged to your account. By signing below, you authorize Speed Factory to charge the\par monthly service fee to your credit card and the one-time cancellation fee of $150.00 if the service is not keep for 12 months.\par }{\f1 Printed Name: _____________________________ Signature _______________________ Date: ______________\par Remarks:\par }{\f9\fs48 SPEED FACTORY}{\f9\fs44 ™\par }{\f9\fs24 O N L I N E\par }{\b\f4\fs28 Residential Only\par }{\f10\fs24\cf1 Type name here\par }{\f10\fs19\cf1 $49.95 }{\f11 Static IP (+ $10.00)\par }{\f12\fs24\cf1 (000) 000-0000\par }{\f13\fs24\cf1 (770) 261-7200\par }{\f14\fs24\cf1 Type Address Here\par }{\f15\fs24\cf1 Type City, State, ZIP\par }{\f16\fs24\cf1 Type email address\par }{\f10\fs16 * Prices do not include sales 
\par tax\par }{\f10\cf1 0000 0000 0000 0000 }{\f10\fs24\cf1 01/03\par }{\f17\cf1 Type name here }{\f10\cf1 1/1/2003\par County Name }{\f10 County:\par }{\f10\cf1 $49.95\par }{\f18\fs24 $0.00\par }{\f10\fs26 $49.95\par }{\f10 Dynamic IP\par }{\f10\fs24\cf1 Enter any remarks here.\par }{\f10 Professional Installation ($99.00)\par Yes\par }{\f19 No\par }{\f10 Service\par Customer's own equipment\par }{\f10\fs17 VCD________ VPI__________ VCI_________\par }{\f10 WAN IP ___________________\par 5 Static IP's (+70.00)\par }{\f10\fs16 Yes\par }{\f20\fs16 No }{\f21\fs15 Do you require Phone Line Filters for this ADSL Line?\par }{\f10\fs16 Shipping & Handling }{\f10 $14.95\par }{\f22 Equipment }{\f10\cf1 $149.95 +tax\par }{\b\f23\fs24 Internal Use Only\par }{\f10 LAN IP ____________________}\par 2\par {\f9\fs36 Speed Factory Service Terms and Conditions\par }This Agreement, with an Effective Date of is between Speed Factory (“Speed Factory”), a division of\par SynKronus, Inc., 4343 Shallowford Road, Suite B-2, Marietta, GA 30062, and {\f24 (Customer) }having offices at\par . In addition to these Service Terms and Conditions, the following attached documents are deemed\par part of this Agreement: Acceptable Usage Policy (AUP) Summary, Attachment A, and Sales Order and Services Installation Form,\par Attachment B.\par {\b\f25 1. Services. }Customer agrees to purchase the\par telecommunications and/or network access services (“Services”)\par from Speed Factory as described in the Services Description\par Section of the Sales Order Form. Additional information about\par Speed Factory’s products and services, including Frequently\par Asked Questions (FAQ’s), is contained at its Web site,\par {\cf1 www.speedfactory.net}. After the order is placed, Speed Factory\par will coordinate the physical connection and service provision to\par the Customer’s Premises. From time to time, conditions may\par exist that prevent the installation of the Service into a customer’s\par location due to adverse infrastructure conditions or other\par conditions beyond the reasonable control of Speed Factory. In\par these cases, Speed Factory may propose and evaluate alternative\par access strategies to achieve reliable connectivity, each of which\par shall be subject to the approval of the Customer prior to\par implementation. If any additional or unusual monthly or\par nonrecurring charges are reasonably anticipated with\par implementation of the alternative access strategies, Speed\par Factory will inform Customer of any estimate of those costs\par prior to installation. If Customer decides to cancel the Service\par due to the cost of the alternative access strategies, Customer may\par terminate the order and will incur no charge for the installation.\par {\b\f25 2. Access. }Customer agrees to provide Speed Factory or its\par authorized agents (collectively, “Technicians,”) reasonable\par access to Customer’s premises in order to complete the\par installation required by the Sales Order and Services Installation\par Form. Customer also acknowledges that the inability of the\par Speed Factory’s Technicians to access Customer’s facilities or to\par obtain other required services such as electricity and light may\par preclude or delay delivery of Services. In the event the\par Customer fails to keep an installation appointment, Speed\par Factory may charge the Customer a fee to recover its related\par costs, not to exceed 50% of the installation costs.\par {\b\f25 3. Installation. }Speed Factory shall schedule initial Services\par delivery per the data provided in the Sales Order and Services\par Installation Form, with any modifications to be agreed upon in\par writing. To complete the Services delivery, it may be necessary\par for Speed Factory or its Technicians to install certain equipment\par and software into Customer’s computer system and reconfigure\par some aspects of the computer system itself. It is possible that\par such activities might inadvertently result in the loss of\par programming important to Customer or Customer’s users;\par therefore, Customer hereby agrees to make appropriate system\par backup arrangements prior to the installation and testing of\par Services. Customer further agrees that neither Speed Factory\par nor its Technicians will be responsible for any loss of, or\par damage to, any information, programming, or other elements of\par the Customer’s computer system, or any breach or violation of\par any manufacturer’s or other warranty relating to Customer’s\par computer which may occur as a result of installation, testing, or\par later service conducted by Speed Factory or its Technicians.\par Customer also acknowledges that installation may also require\par inside wiring at an additional hourly and/or material charge at\par the full discretion of the Speed Factory Technician in order to\par complete the timely delivery of Services.\par {\b\f25 4. Equipment. }Customer shall be responsible for obtaining\par and maintaining any equipment located on the Customer’s\par Premises to access, connect to, or use the Services. Customer’s\par may purchase or lease (if this option is available) the necessary\par connectivity equipment from Speed Factory, or alternatively,\par provide its own equipment. In any case Customer shall be\par responsible for insuring that such equipment is compatible with\par the Services provided by Speed Factory. Customer agrees that it\par will not abuse or otherwise damage Speed Factory’s equipment\par while it is in Customer’s possession, that Customer and\par Customer’s users will operate the equipment according to\par manufacturer specifications, and will return the equipment in\par good condition (except for deterioration from normal usage) to\par Speed Factory upon the termination of this Service Agreement.\par {\b\f25 5. Terms and Termination. }The Agreement Term\par commences on the Effective Date and continues for one year (or\par longer, per the Sales Order and Services Installation Form) from\par the commencement of Services billing. The Term automatically\par renews for one-year renewal periods absent contrary written\par notice provided at least thirty (30) days in advance. Termination\par for cause may occur upon: (a) unremediated material breach\par after thirty days written notice; (b) Customer’s failure to\par function as a going concern or operate in the ordinary course; (c)\par assignment by Customer for the benefit of creditors; or (d)\par voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy filing by or against\par Customer. Except where early termination occurs due to lack of\par agreement on new pricing or Force Majeure, Section 13b, if\par Customer terminates this Agreement prior to the end of a Term,\par Customer shall pay the amount Customer would otherwise have\par had to pay to Speed Factory over the remainder of the Term,\par calculated based on the remaining number of months at a\par monthly rate based on the monthly average billings during the\par Term. The cancellation fee also applies at Speed Factory’s\par {\f9\fs48 SPEED FACTORY™\par }{\f9\fs24 O N L I N E\par }{\fs16\cf2 Ver 02/00.2\par }{\f26\fs14\cf1 Type name here\par }{\f27\cf1 1/1/2003\par }{\f28\fs11\cf1 Type Address Here}\par 3\par election upon its termination of this Agreement for Customer’s\par material breach, without any offset or mitigation of damages\par required therefor. Further, a Customer who terminates the\par Services after signing and accepting the Sales Order and\par Services Installation Form, but prior to the Services activation\par date will be charged $250.00 order cancellation fee. Customer\par agrees to pay any and all cancellation fees within ten (10) days\par of any specified early termination event.\par {\b\f25 6. Our Billing Policy. }Customer shall pay the Fees set forth\par in the Sales Order and Services Installation Form, as well as the\par costs of third party services or products, including increases\par thereto, purchased by Speed Factory on Customer’s behalf at\par Customer’s request. The initial payment may include\par nonrecurring installation and set-up charges including, but not\par limited to equipment, inside wiring, and installation fees.\par Monthly Fees shall be invoiced at the beginning of each month\par during which the Services are to be provided, or at the end of the\par month if the Services are usage-based, which shall be\par determined in accordance with Speed Factory’s customary\par method of calculation. {\b\f25 Payments- }Payments are due net ten\par (10) days from billing date on Speed Factory’s invoice and are\par subject to late charges at Speed Factory’s discretion thereafter,\par calculated at the lesser of 1.5% interest per month or the\par maximum rate permitted by law. Speed Factory will, at its\par discretion, suspend service 20 days after due date on bill or if\par balance due is not paid by beginning of next billing cycle. If\par suspension occurs, the entire outstanding balance owed is due in\par full, whether past due or not, and a reconnect fee will apply.\par Speed Factory may suspend performance or terminate this\par Agreement for late or non-payment of Fees and Customers shall\par be liable of any attorney’s or collection agency’s fees incurred\par by Speed Factory in connection therewith. Speed Factory shall\par provide Customer, at its request, with a schedule of any\par additional fees for additional services not covered in the Sales\par Order Form. Some Services are based on the number of nodes\par or PC’s connected; therefore, Customer agrees not exceed those\par limitations without notifying Speed Factory for a Service\par upgrade. Failure to comply may result in immediate termination\par without notice. Subject to thirty- (30) days notice, Speed\par Factory may reclassify Customers’ service levels, revise product\par or Services descriptions, or modify published prices. If the\par parties fail to agree on a reclassification or modification of\par Services or price, either party may terminate the Agreement\par without liability therefor except for accrued Fees. Customer\par understands that monthly fees once paid are non-refundable, and\par that a reasonable fee for processing unpaid checks or rejected\par credit cards will be assessed at the discretion of Speed Factory.\par {\b\f25 7. Restrictions. }Subscribers of Individual ADSL Services\par agree that the Services are provided for individual and not\par business use. Therefore, such Customer agrees not to use any\par servers, including but not limited to Electronic Mail Servers,\par NAT Servers, DHCP Servers, and/or DNS Servers, in\par conjunction with Individual Services. In the event any\par Individual Services Subscriber attempts to utilize a server on a\par network, Speed Factory may, at its sole discretion, and without\par warning, increase the fees associated with the Services, or\par terminate the Services entirely.\par {\b\f25 8. IP Addresses. }IP addresses are not portable and are not\par assigned for independent administration or distribution.\par Customer understands that IP assignments are not guaranteed,\par and may be modified as required by Speed Factory and/or the\par American Registry for Internet Numbers (ARIN).\par {\b\f25 9. Acceptable Use and License. }Customer shall not, nor shall\par it permit others to use the Services: (a) for any unlawful,\par immoral, invasive, infringing, defamatory, fraudulent, or\par obscene purpose; (b) to send unsolicited email of any kind,\par regardless of the content or nature of such messages; (c) to send\par any virus, worm, Trojan horse, or harmful code or attachment;\par (d) to alter, steal, corrupt, disable, destroy, trespass, or violate\par any security or encryption of any computer file, database, or\par network; (e) or in a manner which, in Speed Factory’s opinion,\par is inconsistent with the generally accepted rules of Internet\par etiquette and conduct. (See Acceptable Use Policy Summary,\par Attachment B.) Customer further agrees that it shall not, nor\par shall it permit others to: (i) alter, tamper with, adjust, repair, or\par circumvent any aspect of the Services; or (ii) resell, passthrough,\par sublicense, rent, lease, timeshare, or re-brand the\par Services or to otherwise provide the Services to any party not\par within Customer’s enterprise and related personnel. If\par Customer, or a third party through Customer, violates any of the\par foregoing prohibitions, Speed Factory may immediately suspend\par the Services and/or terminate this Agreement without further\par liability or obligation to Customer. Customer’s rights to use the\par Services are non-exclusive, non-transferable, and subject to\par compliance with the terms and conditions herein. All\par intellectual property and proprietary rights thereto, including but\par not limited to any specifications, protocols, IP addresses,\par configurations, and routing data related to the Services belong\par solely and exclusively to Speed Factory. FURTHER, SPEED\par FACTORY CAN RESTRICT OR END CUSTOMER’S\par SERVICE OR THIS AGREEMENT WITHOUT NOTICE if\par Customer: (a) carries past due balances; (b) makes materially\par false statements to Speed Factory; (c) interferes with Speed\par Factory’s customer service or any other business operations; (d)\par becomes insolvent or enters into bankruptcy; (e) breaches any\par part of this Agreement; (f) misuses Services or knows of\par Services being misused by anyone for unlawful activity; or (g)\par otherwise uses the Service in an inappropriate manner.\par {\b\f25 10. Warranty and Disclaimer. }Subject to the limitations\par contained herein, Speed Factory warrants that the Services will,\par in all material respects, conform to the requirements of the\par Services Description and Sales Order Form, as well as to any\par other terms and conditions contained in the Agreement.\par Customer’s sole and exclusive remedy for breach of the above\par warranty or any claim related to the Services shall be repair or\par replacement of the Services in accordance with the Services\par Description, Sales Order Form, or termination pursuant to\par Section 5 above. WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES, ANY\par EQUIPMENT, AND/OR THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS\par AGREEMENT, THE FOREGOING WARRANTY IS IN LIEU\par OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR\par STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND\par NON-INFRINGEMENT. ALL SUCH WARRANTIES ARE\par HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED TO THE MAXIMUM\par ALLOWABLE EXTENT.\par {\b\f25 11. Limitation of Liability. }Under no circumstances shall\par Speed Factory be liable, either in contract, tort, warranty, strict\par liability, negligence, or under any statute, regulation, or any\par other theory for: (a) unauthorized access, alteration, theft,\par 4\par corruption, or destruction, of or to Customer’s or its and user’s\par computer files, databases, network, transmission facilities, or\par Customer Premise Equipment; or (b) the content, accuracy, or\par quality of the data transmitted through the Services. For any\par claim arising under or related to the Services or this Agreement,\par Customer’s damages or recovery shall be limited to those\par actually proven as directly attributable to Speed Factory, subject\par to the following limitations: (i) Speed Factory shall not be liable\par under any circumstances for any indirect, incidental, reliance,\par special, punitive, or consequential damages, including but not\par limited to, lost profits, lost opportunities, or diminished stock\par price, even if Speed Factory has been advised of the possibility\par of such damages; and (ii) Speed Factory shall in no event be\par liable to Customer for an amount greater than the amount paid\par by Customer to Speed Factory for Services during the twelve\par (12) months prior to notice of the claim of damage or loss.\par {\b\f25 12. Indemnity. }Customer will indemnify and save Speed\par Factory harmless from and against all loss, liability, damage, and\par expense, including reasonable attorneys fees, caused by\par Customer’s officers, employees, agents, vendors, or contractors\par arising from claims or demands; (a) for damages to property or\par for injury or death to persons, including any disability, death or\par Worker’s Compensation benefits; (b) arising from data\par transmitted, received or stored on or over Speed Factory’s\par network by or through Customer in violation of the provisions of\par Section 9 above; (c) arising from Customer’s violation of the\par provisions of Section 4 above; or (d) for any damages or loss\par incurred directly by Speed Factory as a result of a failure of any\par Customer-provided equipment installed within Speed Factory’s\par facilities, including, but not limited to, failures resulting in fire,\par electrical malfunction, and, heat and/or water damage, even\par when such Customer-provided equipment was installed with the\par permission or assistance of Speed Factory.\par {\b\f25 13. Miscellaneous.\par }(a) Customer shall neither assign nor transfer his Agreement\par without Speed Factory’s prior written consent, Speed Factory\par may assign and transfer this Agreement to any parent company,\par company under its or any common ownership or control, where\par ownership or control is represented by ownership of at least\par fifty-percent of an entity’s equity or voting securities or shares,\par or any company which acquires all or substantially all of the\par stock or assets of Speed Factory.\par (b) Speed Factory shall not be liable for any delay or failure in\par performance due to war, riots, embargoes, strikes, casualties,\par accidents, fire, earthquake, flood, acts of God, supplier or vendor\par failure, outage or malfunction of local or long-haul\par telecommunications services, utility outage or other occurrence\par beyond Speed Factory’s direct control (each, a “Force Majeure\par Event”). Speed Factory shall notify Customer of a Force\par Majeure Event and if a Force Majeure Vent continues for more\par than 60 days, Speed Factory or Customer may cancel this\par Agreement with no further liability as a result of such Event.\par (c) Provision of the Services hereunder is subject to Speed\par Factory’s continuing approval of Customer’s credit-worthiness.\par Customer shall furnish financial information as Speed Factory\par may, from time-to-time, reasonably request to determine\par Customer’s credit-worthiness. Such information shall be\par deemed Confidential Information.\par (d) The parties shall attempt to resolve all disputes arising out\par of, or related to, this Agreement through good-faith negotiations.\par Any disputes or claims arising out of, or relating to, this\par Agreement must be brought within one year of the occurrence of\par any such dispute or accrual of any such claim. The substantially\par prevailing party shall be entitled to its costs, including attorneys’\par fees, in connection with any action arising from this Agreement.\par (e) Speed Factory and/or third parties may, from time to time,\par send e-mail messages to Customer containing advertisements,\par promotions, etc. Speed Factory makes no representation or\par warranty with respect to the content of any such e-mail messages\par or goods or services that may be obtained in response to such\par messages. Customer agrees that Speed Factory shall not have\par any liability whatsoever with respect thereto, nor shall any such\par e-mail messages amend the Terms and Conditions herein.\par Additionally, Speed Factory’s Web site contains links to Web\par sites owned and operated by parties other than Speed Factory.\par Such links are provided for Customer convenience only. Speed\par Factory does not control such Web sites and is not responsible\par for their contents or the accuracy thereof. Speed Factory’s\par inclusion of links to such Web sites does not imply any\par endorsement, implicit or otherwise, of the material on such Web\par sites or any association with their operators.\par (f) This Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of\par the State of Georgia, as applied to contracts entered into in\par Georgia, by and between its residents for exclusive performance\par therein. The parties hereby irrevocably consent to the sole and\par exclusive jurisdiction of and venue in the district courts for the\par District of Georgia, Atlanta, Georgia, or if federal subject matter\par jurisdiction does not exist, then in the courts of the State of\par Georgia, located in Fulton County.\par (g) This Agreement is the entire and complete Agreement\par between the parties with respect to the Services and subject\par matter hereof and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous\par agreements or understandings between parties, whether written\par or oral, and may not be modified in any way unless by means of\par written addendum, signed and dated by the duly authorized\par representatives. In the event of any conflict between these\par Service Terms and Conditions and any of the Attachments, the\par Service Terms and Conditions shall control unless expressly\par stated to the contrary. If any portion of this Agreement is found\par to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall\par remain in effect and the parties shall immediately begin\par negotiations to replace any invalid or unenforceable portions that\par are essential parts of this Agreement.\par 6\par {\f1\fs16 Ver. 03/00.1\par }IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on and as of the day and year first above written.\par {\b\f25\fs24 SPEED FACTORY: CUSTOMER:\par }By: _____________________________________________ By: _____________________________________________\par Printed Name: ____________________________________ Printed Name: _____________________________________\par Title: Title:\par Date: Date:\par 6\par {\f1\fs16 Ver. 03/00.1\par }{\f3\fs36 Acceptable Use Policy (AUP) Summary\par Agreement\par }Users of any Speed Factory telecommunications and/or network access services (“Services”), including Internet-based services, agree\par to refrain from violating any and all policies of Speed Factory, Inc. as noted by its Acceptable Use Policy at {\cf1 www.speedfactory.net\par }and summarized below. Speed Factory will make a reasonable attempt to notify Account Holders (“Subscribers”) of violations to this\par policy in order for the Subscriber to take corrective action. Failure by the Subscriber to timely correct the issue could result in\par suspension or termination of Services.\par Compromise of, or damage to, hosts, networks, or security systems involving the use of Speed Factory resources are prohibited and\par may result in civil or criminal prosecution. Speed Factory will investigate incidents involving such violations and will cooperate with\par law enforcement officials should a criminal violation be suspected. Examples of system or network security violations include,\par without limitation, attempts, whether or not successful, are:\par 1. Impersonate another Subscriber, Account Holder or User in any way.\par 2. Conduct an activity that has the potential to harm the network or associated services, including but not limited to:\par a) Probing hosts or networks without the explicit authorization from the governing authority of those systems;\par b) Breaching the security of a host, network component, or authentication system without the explicit permission of the\par governing authority of those systems;\par c) Monitoring data on any network or system without the explicit authorization of the governing authority of that system or\par network;\par d) Interfering with service to any user, host, or network, including deliberate attempts to overload a server, network, connected\par device, or network component;\par e) Originating malformed data or network traffic that results in damage to, or disruption of, a service or network-connected\par device;\par f) Sending unsolicited, mass electronic mail messages to one or more recipients or systems (“Spamming”);\par g) Using another party’s electronic mail server to relay electronic mail without the permission from the appropriate governing\par authority of the other party (“E-Mail Relay”).\par h) Forging electronic mail headers(including any portion of the IP packet header and/or electronic mail address), or any other\par method used to disguise or conceal the user’s identity (“spoofing”);\par i) Disrupting Speed Factory’s open line inactivity timers;\par j) Sending mass volumes of data, or any other abusive behavior that is intended to disrupt or disable the recipient system\par (Denial of Service or “SYN Flood” attacks); or\par k) Cross-posting of the same or similar messages to two or more USENET newsgroups.\par 3) Use Individual or Residential Service Program for business purposes.\par 4) Share, resell, or sublet Web Space provided by Speed Factory.\par 5) Fail to pay for services on a timely basis.\par Speed Factory reserves the right to temporarily suspend or terminate any customer without notice, upon confirmed violation of any\par part of the Speed Factory AUP as officially maintained on its Web site ({\cf1 www.speedfactory.net}) and summarized above. Further,\par Speed Factory reserves the right to change any or all elements of its Acceptable Use Policy at any time without notice.\par NOTE: BY SIGNING BELOW, THE SUBSCRIBER AGREES TO HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD THE AUP, THAT THE\par SUBSCRIBER IS AT LEAST 18 YEARS OF AGE, AND THAT THE SUBSCRIBER IS LEGALLY ABLE TO ENTER INTO AND\par ABIDE BY THIS AUP AGREEMENT.\par Signature: Date:\par Company Name: Title:\par {\b\f29\fs18\cf3 O N L I N E\par }{\f9\fs56\cf3 SPEED FACTORY}{\f9\fs27\cf3 ™\par}\par } 